# Prosper Loan DataSet Visualization Exploration

## Dataset
> Prosper Loan Dataset contain information about a set of loans with the borrower, the loan status, the loan amount, the income for each employee, among others etc. 
> This dataset is availaible [here](https://s3.amazonaws.com/udacity-hosted-downloads/ud651/prosperLoanData.csv.), with its features documentation following this [link](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/0/d/1gDyi_L4UvIrLTEC6Wri5nbaMmkGmLQBk-Yx3z0XDEtI/edit?usp=sharing).

## Summary of finding
Getting the large number of features that we have in the prosper loan dataset, my first thougth was to sort the relation between all varaible to see if we are in case of merged dataset or informatio from different source. By following this exploration I found that  some variables have more thant __25%__ of their values null. I remove these unuseful variables, then explore again variables type by type and choosed now 12 variables from all the dataset. To know about these variables I first try using heat_map on nullable values and relation bettween all features and realize that we have a large number of nullable values. Then I now try to get information on remaining features and then select 12 features in my exploration. Using some plotting function I see  that most of borrower have their income verifiable and a small group without it. After that I classified all loan by group of Occupation that I used to discover later that (Health And Science, Professional And Engineering) are the groups of people demanding the most and highest loans, and also . But Something bizarre actually is that we did not understand why people without income veriable have gotten loan. Using the scatter plot and observing the interest rate on the set of loan and the loan status we conlude first that the teams working to select Borrowers are doing great job, because of engagement shown with the loan status.

## Key Insights for presentation

> In my presentation, I focused on explaining the work done by team in charge on selecting borrower, by first sorting the distribution on verifiable income, then grouping the borrower occupation in order to plot the relation between these groups their loan, also how they're paying monthly and the rate used to give them the loan. Finally we try to inspect the link between borrower without income verifiable. Then conclude by showing that this company minimize the risk when doing their job. 
